feat(developer): add hint support to Touch Layout Editor and schema 🙊 (#6936)
keymanapp/keyman: common/schemas/keyman-touch-layout/README.md

: A boolean value, if `true`, then the base layout's key cap will be displayed
  in the top left of the key cap. Defaults to `false`.

* `displayHint`

: A string value, one of `"none"`, `"dot"`, or `"text"`. Defaults to `"dot"`.
  Controls the display of the hint on the key cap:

  * `"none"`: show no hint on the key cap.
  * `"dot"`: show a dot on top-right of key cap if a longpress menu
    is available, default and only option for Keyman 15.0 and earlier.
  * `"text"`: show the text `hint` property if present, often on

>     top-right of key cap.

Reviewer: "Often on"?  What decides whether or not it is shown there?

Keeping in #4879 and #5079 both in mind, and the fact that we have traditionally displayed underlying key caps on the top-_left_ of a key, what's the plan for this behavior?  Will we drop the "top-left" part when using hints for underlying key caps, assuming the latter part of that clause?  Or will there be a way to select where it is displayed?

Author: Repositioning hints will be possible once we support theming (17.0 currently). It's all just CSS :grin: This text could just say 'on top-right' and leave the word 'often' out but figured it didn't hurt too much.

Author: And note that hints != underlying key. These are two separate strings that may *both* be displayed. The one thing that does go when we use hints is the "." marker indicating a longpress (see `displayHints` for how we control this).

: If present, defines additional keys that may be selected when using a
  flick gesture on the key, with a [`flick` object](#flick-object). Flicks
  should not be used on modifier keys, special keys, or the Spacebar.

  Introduced in Keyman 16.0.

* `multitap`

: If present, defines an array of keys that may be selected sequentially when
  tapping multiple times on the key, an array of [`sk` objects](#sk-object).

>   Multitaps generally should not be used on modifier keys, special keys, or the

Author: ```suggestion
  Multitaps may not be used on layer switch keys, special keys such as the globe key, or the
```

  Spacebar. Beware of mixing multitaps with layer switching, as this can lead to

>   a confusing user experience.

Author: Yep.

  Keyman 15+: the Shift key has a predefined multitap sequence to access the
  `caps` layer, which is available if the `caps` layer is present. This is the
  only multitap sequence supported in Keyman 15. This multitap sequence cannot

>   be overridden.

Author: ```suggestion
  be overridden, and is the sole case where multitap input may cause a layer switch.
```
